yo guys spite about here want to bring
you a bit of an update here on black ops
2 road to commander the series has
started a few days ago and the series
set is going to end today and I will
apologize to you guys and tell you why I
am making or have made this decision
because it has been made and really
there's no going back on it number one
I'm really not happy with my gameplay
and the commentary that I've recorded
the live commentary to be honest you
know I'm a pretty damn aggressive player
I don't typically check every single
corner when I'm going into an area and
that oftentimes it leads me to die more
often than I would like and more often
than I think what people's expectations
are no matter if I'm on top of the
leaderboards more often than not and i
can tell you quite often especially when
I'm ranked solo I mean if I'm running
with the team that I'm right here with a
bunch of good excellent players other
than myself then I may not necessarily
be up on top of the leaderboard usually
if I'm running solo I'll be up there
I'll be top of my team if not top of the
entire lobby and I just think that
highly objective gameplay overkill death
is is not really that popular is not
really well received by a lot of you
guys unfortunately I mean I can pull off
games here and there no problem it's all
again who you're partied with and who
you're partied against and you see some
of these gameplays and that's what what
we're up against here I think the
majority of people and the majority of
quote-unquote popular gameplay has
really turned into kill whoring on
objective game modes it's like the more
kills in an objective game mode no
matter if you're playing the objective
or not the better and it's that that I
really have a problem with not so much
that okay I'm faulting people for for
wanting to watch that kind of thing or
producing that kind of thing but I I'm
not built to create that type of
gameplay for instance let's take a look
at Kill Confirmed I am quite proud of my
stats and kill confirmed when I look at
my kills to confirm ratio I have a 95
or % confirms two kills ratio so that
means I mean I'm a look at my status
right now I have 959 kills to 902
confirms that's what I consider solid
objective gameplay for that particular
game mode and I don't really consider
you know a twenty percent or a
30-percent confirm to kill rate to be
appropriate for that game mode and I
can't do that like I know guys that oh
you know I got 100 kills and kill
confirmed and you know I got 28 confirms
I mean to me that's poor gameplay but
people want to see those high kill games
people want to see people getting those
high-level scores freak rewards getting
a ton of kills and really not playing
the objective anymore and the same thing
goes with domination I mean you see you
know in modern warfare 3 or yeah i think
was modern warfare 3 in particular Oh
200-plus kills on domination basically
spawn trapping the enemy team like
really spawn track not necessarily
trapping them in a spawn to their see
flag it's actually trapping them in a
very confined space and just laying into
them with an LMG and killing them just
as they're spawning I mean not even
letting up on the trigger you know stuff
like that and it's almost been
popularized and I'm just saying i can't
i can't really produce that kind of game
play whereas if i look at search and
destroying that's what I'm intending to
really go back to from the video
yesterday I mean I can be very very
aggressive I can get a lot of kills in
Search and Destroy for that game mode
and play the objective at the same time
so it's not just kill whoring I can kill
whore and object the play and bring you
some great fast-paced gameplay at the
same time and like I said I'm just not
wired to do those those high kill games
in objective game modes I mean I got to
play the objective I can't just sit back
and get all these kills and on the other
side of it I mean yeah most of the time
it's luck of the matchmaking as well I
mean you're versing in a lot of these
cases you're versing players that have
overall kill death ratio zuv like point
five or less I don't know I don't know
how to get into those kinds of lobbies
okay
I don't know if they're set up I've
heard people say they're set up i mean
i'm not going to obviously accuse
anybody of doing that perhaps they are
perhaps or not but I definitely cannot
get into those types of lobbies even on
that search and destroy game from
yesterday I mean most of the players are
at least over half I think had over a 1
point 0 at least kill death ratio it was
nowhere near point 5 or point 4.3 then
they actually had no kills in that game
that first round I mean they took out
everybody else and I had to I had to be
the one to take out all of the players
on the enemy team and those are
basically the reasons why I don't want
to continue with the road to commander I
would rather get you some solid search
android gameplay and as well keep up the
black ops 2 tactics that I started and I
you know look at the the video i did
yesterday I'm meltdown that's the type
of thing I mean I'll still look at those
types of things for other game modes
I've been searching destroy but I think
from a general gameplay standpoint that
i will go to search and destroy like i
did i showed you yesterday with that
twelve no game and this was a decent
game i actually hung back in the game
prior to this and didn't do very well
but then I said look guys I'm running
the flag i'm doing i'm going to be a
flag runner i got four flags returned 13
and two so not too bad and we finished
them off quite quickly and our entire
team at least the five of us did very
very well so anyways I hope you guys
understand and will bring you more
Search and Destroy as well as the
tactics videos on a regular basis let me
know we get us think if you have any
other comments feel free I'm open to
your comments and criticisms as always
is be keeping constructive don't swear
at me in the comments I mean people
swear me and then I give him a response
and it's like whoa I'm just giving you
constructive criticism loan not really
ha alright guys late arm spider mode
you